AskTab PRIVACY POLICY

This Privacy Policy ( “Privacy Policy”) is designed to describe the data collection and privacy practices of the AskTab software, browser extension, new tab functionality and website (available at: https://www.maxask.com/asktab/ (the “Site”), (collectively and together with any related service, content, feature, design, tool or technology, the “Product”). The Product is owned and developed by Maxthon Ltd. and its selected business partners (together, the “Company”, “us” or “we”), and applies to users that access and/or use the Product.

This Privacy Policy is an integral part of the Product’s End User License Agreement (“EULA”), available at https://www.maxask.com/asktab/eula.txt, (collectively referred to as the “Agreement”).

1. Consent: You are not legally obligated to provide us with Personal Information (as will be defined below), and you acknowledge that providing us with Personal Information is done freely. By using the Product, you give your consent to this Privacy Policy and to the data practices described in it. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not access or otherwise use the Site or the Product.

2. Modifications: We may modify this Privacy Policy or the Product or any portion of the, at our sole discretion, and in compliance with applicable laws. Any such change will be reflected in the “last updated” statement at the top of this Privacy Policy and will be effective as of such date. If we make any material changes, we will notify you by posting a notice on the Site and/or Product or any other visible place. Such material change will be effective 7 days after the publication of such changes. Your continued use of the Product following any such change constitute your consent to the changes.

3. Information we collect: we collect (or may collect) information that is required for us or for our business partners in order to provide the services, the Product’s functionality, and to constantly improve it so it would better fit our user’s preferences. For example, we collect information that enable us to offer you with deals, coupons and discounts (collectively, “Offers”), so as your interaction with such offers. Being more specific, here are the ways and type of information we collect:

3.1. Non-personally identifiable information: this is the information we collect about the use of the Product and related services, and does not identify you in any manner. The type of such information includes: your system language, type, version, user agent, default browser type and version, and interaction you make with elements on the Site or the Product as a whole (like clicks or purchase you make, based on the Offers). We also collect the site from which you arrived at the Site and the Site to which you headed right after, for affiliation and tracking purposes. In addition, we may collect information about e-commerce sites you visited, if they meet a white list we maintain.

3.2. Personal identifiable information: this type of information includes information that is personally identify you as a person, or information, that potentially can identify you when combined with other information we have about you. We do not collect identifiable information about you, unless you provide us actively with such information, for example when you submit a form or send an email to us. In which case, we will use this information in order to address your request or inquiry.

4. How we collect information? We and our partners may use few technologies to collect the information automatically:

4.1. Cookies. A cookie is a small file that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the website again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information that is related to action taken during a Site visit. When you click an Offer a cookie will be set on your browser. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some features or services may not function properly without cookies.

4.2. Web Beacons. Web Beacons are used together with cookies, and are small graphic images or other web programming code (also known as “1×1 GIFs” or “clear GIFs”). Web beacons may be invisible to you, but any electronic image or other web programming code inserted into a web page act as a web beacon. Web beacons or similar technologies may be used for a number of purposes, including, without limitation, to count users interacting with the Product’s features or Offers, to monitor how users navigate through various related websites, or to count how many particular articles or links were actually viewed

5. Information we share with 3rd parties. We do not share Personal Information with third parties, unless: (a) we obtained your consent; or (b) we require to do so by applicable law, regulation, legal procedure, or enforceable governmental request; or (c) to enforce our EULA, terms, conditions or this Privacy Policy; or (d) detect, prevent, validate, or tackle fraud; or (e) protect against an attempt to harm us or the Product; or (f) in case of a merger, acquisition or asset sale, in which case, any transferal of information will be made in compliance with the applicable law.

We do and may share non-personally identifiable information about your use of the Site and Product with our partners and some service providers, in order to provide the services, facilitate them, measure their performance, optimize, improve, monetize and so forth.

6. Third party services, features and Offers. The Product hosts content, features, functionalities, ads, offers (including the Offers) and other visible and invisible services that are provided by 3rd parties (“third Party Services”). Such Third Party Services include the Offers provided by our merchant partners that own the store or platform that offers deals, coupons and discounts, the search functionality which provided by our search partner, and similar features that we may make available to you from time to time. Invisible Third Party Services include analytic tools like Google Analytics and similar activity tracking and monitoring tools. It is hereby clarified that each of such Third Party Services carry its own terms, conditions and privacy policies, that are not necessarily aligned with this privacy policy (however, we require them all to refrain from collecting Personal Information unless they actively requested from you). You are advised to check the privacy policies of each Third Party with which you make any engagement (including the websites to which you are redirected for the Product) and decide whether you consent or not before making any such engagement. We do not make any warranty or representation about any of such Third Party Services and any click, action or engagement you make is under your risk and liability, and govern by a separated agreement you make with them.

7. Information Security. We follow generally accepted standards of information security, virtually and physically, to protect Personal Information if submitted to us. However, you should be aware that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, we cannot 100% guarantee at all times the information’s absolute security. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we shall not bear any liability for any unintentional disclosure or a disclosure that occurs due to a security breach of the Company’s systems or facilities.

8. User Choices

We believe in full transparency with our users, and let them choose whether they want their information to be collected and used. When a Personal Information about users will be provides, collected and/or retained by us, the users to which the information pertains can contact us at any time with request to edit or delete Personal Information about them. Such request shall carry the subject “Personal Information Request” and shall be directed to our compliance department at: https://www.AskTab.com/contact.html.

Some of the web search services provided herein are provided by CodeFuel and powered by CodeFuel’s search partners. For information on the web search services data collection, please visit http://www.codefuel.com/legal/end_user_privacy_policy, and the search providers privacy policy, as applicable, both as updated from time to time and at any successor locations.

9. Minors Control. The Product is not designed or addresses to minors. We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to send Personal Information to us. If user is between the ages of 13 and 17, User is requested to use the Company’s Service with adult supervision only. If we learn that we maintain Personal Information related to a minor, we will remove such information as quickly as we become aware. If you believe that we might have any Personal Information from or about a User under 13, please contact us at https://www.AskTab.com/contact.html.

10. Different Jurisdictions. If you are residence of California, Canada or the EU you may have certain rights about your Personal Information, including, to get information about 3rd parties with which such Personal Information is shared by us. In cases where you wish to exercise such right, and provided that we do maintain Personal Information about you, please contact us at https://www.AskTab.com/contacts.html, with request that carries the subject “3rd party sharing of information” and we will process and provide you with answers accordingly.

11. General Queries; Contact Us. For any other or general information, you are welcome to contact us at: asktab@maxthon.com.

Address:  Leighton Centre,77 Leighton Road, Causeway Bay, Hong Kong